NAME
	sh - shell, he standard command language interpreter.
DESCRIPTION
	The sh utility is a command language interpreter that shall execute commands read form a command line string, the standard input, or a specified file.

Pathname expansion shall not fail due to the size of a file.

Shell input and output redirections have an implementation defined offset maximun that is established in the open file description.

OPERANDS

		-		A single <hypen-minus> shall be treated as the first operand and then ignored. If both '-' are given as arguments, or it other operands pecede the single <hypen-minus>, the results are undefined.

argument
	The positional parameters ($1, $2, and so on) shall be set to arguments, if any.
		
STDIN
 When the shell is using standard input and it invokes a command
       that also uses standard input, the shell shall ensure that the
       standard input file pointer points directly after the command it
       has read when the command begins execution. It shall not read
       ahead in such a manner that any characters intended to be read by
       the invoked command are consumed by the shell (whether
       interpreted by the shell or not) or that characters that are not
       read by the invoked command are not seen by the shell. When the
       command expecting to read standard input is started
       asynchronously by an interactive shell, it is unspecified whether
       characters are read by the command or interpreted by the shell.

ASYNCHRONOUS EVENTS
			If the shell is interactive, SIGINT signals received during command line editing shall be handled as described in the EXTENDED DESCIPTION, and SIGNINT signals received at other times shall be caught but no action performed.

If the shell is interactive:
	SIGQUIT and SIGTERM signals shall be ignored.
The standars actions, and the actions described above for interactive shels, can be overridden by use of the trap special built-in utility.

STDOUT
			See the STDERR section.
PERROR
			Print a system error message
EXIT STATUS         top
       The following exit values shall be returned:

           0   The script to be executed consisted solely of zero or
               more blank lines or comments, or both.
